refactor: Apply Wikipedia's style of bolding to multiple pages (#2662)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/news-aggregators.md

cover: news-aggregators.webp
---

> A [**news aggregator**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/News_aggregator) is a way to keep up with your favorite blogs and news sites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **news aggregator** is software which aggregates digital content from online newspapers, blogs, podcasts, and other resources to one location for easy viewing. Using one can be a great way to keep up with your favorite content.
```
